README.md, before:

# SleepBabySleep
iOS & Swift side/learning project
Playous sounds for a given duration until the baby sleeps. Can also record own sounds for repeated playback.

**ToDo**
- [ ] After recording select latest recording in playlist collectionView
- [ ] Restore scrollState when app reopens (currently selects the lastSelected - in case played track was changed with mediaControls)
- [ ] Delete Recording swipe animation 
- [ ] Selected tracks by previous & next controls when not playing 
- [ ] iPhone plus / iPad UiCollectionView Problem 
- [ ] Store recordings in iCloud Account 
- [X] Replace soundFileName label with a description in the textField
- [X] iOS 10 / Swift 3 Migration
- [X] Crash when quickly hitting the record button - probaply caused by unlocked / unsafe updateLoop
- [X] Handle AVAudioInterruptions while recording
- [X] Recording dialog
	- [X] Open dialog and add recording button with the same behaviour than currently in the main view. Push and hold to record. 
	- [X] Record into temporary file 
	- [X] Add navigationController (hidden in the main view) 
	- [X] Delete temporary recording when user hits back 
	- [X] When user selects add, move file to the documents directory and store the assignment with the name in the plist file. 
	- [X] Show recording duration 
	- [X] Change recording button while it is recording 
	- [X] Add preview, to listen to the recorded audio before user hits add 
- [X] Change AVAudioSession for recording
	- [X] AVAudioSessionCategoryPlayback 
	 -[X] AVAudioSessionCategoryPlayAndRecord 
	- [X] Options: ?AllowBluetooth, MixInWithOthers - https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Audio/Conceptual/AudioSessionProgrammingGuide/AudioSessionBasics/AudioSessionBasics.html
- [X] Delete: RecordedSoundFileDirectory?

Commit message:

Updated todo / stops previewPlayback when user leaves the recordingView while the previewPlayback is still playing

README.md, after:

# SleepBabySleep
iOS & Swift side/learning project
Playous sounds for a given duration until the baby sleeps. Can also record own sounds for repeated playback.

**ToDo**
- [ ] After recording select latest recording in playlist collectionView
- [ ] Restore scrollState when app reopens (currently selects the lastSelected - in case played track was changed with mediaControls)
- [ ] Delete Recording swipe animation 
- [ ] Better highlighting of currently selected track
- [ ] Selected tracks by previous & next controls when not playing 
- [ ] iPhone plus / iPad UiCollectionView Problem 
- [ ] Store recordings in iCloud Account 
- [X] When user hits cancel or save in recording view - stop playback if running
- [X] Replace soundFileName label with a description in the textField
- [X] iOS 10 / Swift 3 Migration
- [X] Crash when quickly hitting the record button - probaply caused by unlocked / unsafe updateLoop
- [X] Handle AVAudioInterruptions while recording
- [X] Recording dialog
	- [X] Open dialog and add recording button with the same behaviour than currently in the main view. Push and hold to record. 
	- [X] Record into temporary file 
	- [X] Add navigationController (hidden in the main view) 
	- [X] Delete temporary recording when user hits back 
	- [X] When user selects add, move file to the documents directory and store the assignment with the name in the plist file. 
	- [X] Show recording duration 
	- [X] Change recording button while it is recording 
	- [X] Add preview, to listen to the recorded audio before user hits add 
- [X] Change AVAudioSession for recording
	- [X] AVAudioSessionCategoryPlayback 
	 -[X] AVAudioSessionCategoryPlayAndRecord 
	- [X] Options: ?AllowBluetooth, MixInWithOthers - https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Audio/Conceptual/AudioSessionProgrammingGuide/AudioSessionBasics/AudioSessionBasics.html
- [X] Delete: RecordedSoundFileDirectory?
